[Music]
ten amazing places that'll disappear
while you still live we hear so much
about global warming
changing Earth's climate and landscape
that we've almost grown immune to news
about it not thinking about the
significance of such changes let's
imagine how some famous and endangered
places might look shortly the changes
are going to be dramatic
see for yourselves number ten
Easter Island Chile that's how this
beautiful place looks now and that's how
it will probably look in the future can
you see the difference Easter Island
currently has hard times a big influx of
tourists leaves lots of garbage behind
damaging the statues in the fragile
island ecology number 9 Mount
Kilimanjaro Tanzania Mount Kilimanjaro
is the highest point in Africa and it's
covered in snow however in the last 100
years the snow has started to melt
rapidly and precipitation can't
compensate for this process scientists
predict that the snow will disappear by
2033 and the volcano will lose its
current appearance completely
number eight Calabria Island Puerto Rico
that's how it looks now and this picture
is showing how this place will look in
the future scary right the US Navy used
to have training bombardments on this
island affecting the plants and animals
there a lot in nineteen seventy five
bombing ceased yet mass tourism did more
damage to the unstable ecology the whole
islands ecosystem is now endangered
number seven Madagascar
[Music]
all Madagascar forests will supposedly
be cut down by 2025 if they're not
rescued there are animal species on the
island that have still not been studied
and there's a chance they will become
extinct before that happens number six
the Great Wall of China that's how this
place looks now amazing right however
millions of tourists visit the Great
Wall every year and many of them take a
stone or two as souvenirs
other factors include acts of vandalism
named stone sold on the market farmers
stealing stones for fences and erosion
from sandstorms twenty-two percent of
the wall is gone already and that's
about 125 miles or 2,000 kilometers in
the future it will look just like this
alas
number five bigad Myanmar began is home
to over two thousand Buddhist shrines
and pagodas built in the 11th and 12th
centuries they were actively restored
from 1995 until 2008
but then tourists came in the thousands
many climb the pagodas to get a good
view resulting in the deterioration of
these ancient constructions
number four Nuuk Greenland nuke is the
capital of Greenland ruled by snow and
polar bears the government plans to
renew gemstone industry here this will
lead to the construction of mines
resulting in the change of the
environmental situation
moreover the coastal ice of Greenland
may melt by 2100 and the capital is
situated just on the edge of the island
number three lake nicaragua nicaragua is
the only place in the world where
freshwater sharks live in july 2014 the
government approved the construction of
the Nicaraguan canal connecting the
Pacific and the Atlantic oceans hundreds
of villages will be evacuated and moved
these plans will almost certainly strip
Nicaragua of more than half a million
hectares of rain forests and marshes
[Music]
number two the Seychelle Islands the
Seychelles beaches are gradually
drowning now it looks like this but
climate change and a rising sea level
lead to an extinction of corals
sandstone erosion and washing away of
the islands scientists think it's only a
question of time before the Seychelles
are completely underwater
[Music]
and number one the Great Barrier Reef
Australia global warming is a serious
threat for the Great Barrier Reef if
temperature rises even one degree
centigrade above usual sea weeds start
dying and corals suffer from intense
sunlight taking other inhabitants with
them in the future it might change
dramatically
[Music]
as you could see we all need to work
together to save this planet it does
need our help and everyone plays a major
role in saving Earth don't forget to hit
the like button below the video and
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life